{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf190
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Patrick\
You came to camp with an extensive background in programing.  Your experience was immediately clear when you began adding feature after feature to your web browser application.  For fun at night, you decided to re-design our corporate toolkit to use git and online repositories.  Your dedication to programming is evident in all of the projects you created over the last two weeks.\
\
Jason\
Just about every break we had for the last two weeks you could be seen playing \'93The Binding of Issac\'94.  Your love for the game motivated you to develop your own version of the game.  Not an easy task by any means.  You were forced to learn new functions and object types to implement the game, and it was awesome to see your understanding of Objective-C and programming principles grow over the past two weeks.\
\
Alex\
You had some experience with iOS development before you came to camp, and were able to build upon your prior experiences to quickly pick up the new, crazy Objective-C syntax that was being thrown at you.  You had a vision of what you wanted to do for your project and were committed to learning what was necessary to implement it, you even had to learn some trig!\
\
Noah\
Watching you work these last two weeks it was clear that you are a strong independent coder.  You were never quick to ask questions and instead preferred to spend time understanding the insane debug messages that Xcode spit at you.  Throughout the week it was clear that you had a solid grasp of concepts being learned.  Your final project exhibits not only your programming prowess but also your sense of humor.\
\
Taylor\
You had no prior experience with Objective-C or iOS development before coming to camp, however, your understanding of object oriented programming was quite strong.  You transitioned to Objective-C smoothly and were able to apply high level design principles to a language with which you were still unfamiliar.  Your project shows both an understanding of game logic and UI design principles.\
\
Nate\
You are the only student here on scholarship for these last two weeks.  This is an accomplishment in and of its self.  You set out to develop an application for your school and are leaving with an excellent start to a fully featured scheduling assistant.  While their is still more work to be done on your app, I am confident that you now have the knowledge to create whatever features you can imagine adding.\
\
Levi\
It was awesome to see your ideas come to fruition over the last two weeks.  Your excellent sense of humor was not only recognized by our class, but the internet world as a whole.  An image of your Nicolas Cage web browser app posted to the social media site Imgur received over 18,000 views in a mere twenty four hours.  You are the most famous camper of the week, congrats!!}